fix: Update documentation for using filename in otelcol.auth.bearer component (#2213)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.auth.bearer.md

Name     | Type     | Description                                      | Default  | Required
---------|----------|--------------------------------------------------|----------|---------
`filename`| `string` | File name containing the authentication token    |          | no
`token`  | `secret` | Bearer token to use for authenticating requests. |          | no
`scheme` | `string` | Authentication scheme name.                      | "Bearer" | no

> The auth is taken from `token` or `filename` and one of these two value is required. The `filename` is watched for any new changes.
> 
> When sending the auth, the value of `scheme` is prepended to the auth value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication is taken from `token` or `filename` and one of these two values is required.
The `filename` is watched for any new changes.

When sending the authentication, the value of `scheme` is prepended to the authentication value.
```

We should spell out authentication... unless it's referring to a specific variable/label... then it should be wrapped in backticks.

`scheme` | `string` | Authentication scheme name.                      | "Bearer" | no

When sending the token, the value of `scheme` is prepended to the `token` value.

> The string is then sent out as either a header (in case of HTTP) or as metadata (in case of gRPC). If we are using file for storing the token we can refer the value of `token` using `local.file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string is then sent out as either a header (in case of HTTP) or as metadata (in case of gRPC).

If you use a file to store the token, you can use `[local.file`][local.file] to retrieve the `token` value from the file.`

[local.file]: ../../local/local.file/
```

@wildum Does this suggestion look right then?
